https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZBqqdLmNvw

paraphrase 

task 1

4 paragraphs

150 words 

split the images by ideas 


Task 1 

    The bar chart gives the information of exportation products of a country in the years 2015 and 2016, and 
the table compares the percentage changes in values between 2015 and 2016.
    It is clear that significantly more exportation products belongs to petroleum and engineered industries,
we can also see that the percentage of theses products in 2016 is higher than 2015.
    According to the bar chart, the exportation of petroleum products wins with more than 60 billions dollars,
and it increases 3% in 2016, in engineered goods had the exportation values almost the same of the first,
the gems and jewelry factories had a short decrease in 2016 with the exportation values over 40 billions,
the agricultural products represents 30 billions and the last one textiles factories had the exportation values 
between 25 and 30 billions with the highest increase values between the years 2015 and 2016.
    Looking at the table, we can see that the percentage of exportation values of the petroleum products, engineered goods, agricultural products
and textiles industries has increased between 2015 and 2016, and the gems and jewelry areas decrease.


Sounds Right
Indirect Speech

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CzoxIVPtPgI


Task 2

News editors decide what to broadcast on television
and what to print in newspapers. What factors do you
think influence these decisions? Do we become used
to bad news, and would it be better if more good
news was reported?
1. Read and understand the question
- highlight / underline key parts

2. Plan your essay structure (4 paragraphs)
1. Introduction: decisions about news stories
variety of factors, yes too much bad news
2. Factors that influence news editors
3. Too much bad news, should report more good
4. Conclusion: difficult news choices, more positive

Factors that influence news editors
interest or attract viewers / readers
inform the püblic, important issues and events, in
the public interest
pressure from owners, promote political views

Too much bad news, should report more good
accustomed to bad news, war, crime, natural
disasters, human suffering, desensitises us, cynical
about the world, prefer positive news, e.g. medical
workers, volunteers, kindness, news to inspire us

1 Factors that influence news editors
2 interest or attract viewers / readers
inform the public, important issues and events, in
the public interest
4pressure from owners, promote political views

News editors decide what to broadcast on television
and what to print in newspapers. What factors do you
think influence these decisions? Do we become used
to bad news, and would it be better if more good
news was reported?
Plan: Topic - decisions about news stories
Answer - variety of factors, yes too much bad news
It is true that editors have to make difficult decisions about
which news stories they broadcast or publish, and their
choices are no doubt influenced by a variety of factors.
