Writing

Advertising = Publicidade
emphasise = enfatizar

sentences = frases

paragraphs = paragrafos = 4 5 sentences

crowded = cheio
crow = cheio
scattered  = disperso
particularly = particularmente


In their advertising,  businesses nowadays usually emphasise that their products 
are new in some way.

Page 53 ielts 16
Writing Task 2 

Actually in the advertising, companies show the importance of their new products in some way.

The importance of show why the peoples need this new products in advertising is fundamentally, the consumers needs to know what the products are designed for.

Show the quality and the capacity of theses new products is important and it will determine if the new product is good enough and better than the olds ones,
it will be sold.

In conclusion, the emphasis on the new products is important to show the difference between of the old and the new.
In my opinion the people need to think a lot for change the oldies for the new products, maybe they are spending money with unnecessary stuffs.


Page 53 ielts 16
Writing Task 2 
250 words

Paragraph 1 (Introduction): Topic (paraphrase the question) + Your answer  (Thesis statement)
Paragraph 2 (Body 1): Explain the first point (4 - 5 sentences) Topic + Expand/Explain the topic + Example + Conclusion 
Paragraph 3 (Body 2): Explain the second point (4 - 5 sentences) Topic + Expand/Explain the topic + Example + Conclusion 
Paragraph 4 (Conclusion): 1-2 sentences (repeat the topic using different words + your answer)

Tips:Avoid using informal expressions, such as slangs or abbreviations
Avoid using contractions Such as I'm, they're
Avoid using phrasal versb (such as take on, put off, get in)


These days, companies, when marketing their goods, have a tendency to put more emphasis on the fact that these products are new. 
This phenomenon could be happening as a result of consumers preferring new things to old ones. I personally see this as a negative 
development since I consider it as a manipulation.

Psychologically speaking, humans opt for goods or material that are new over the old and rustic objects. This probably stems from 
the idea that beauty is in freshness. For example, taking nature into account, flowers are at their prime when they are unwilted, 
and that is the time most people purchase them to keep at home or gift to their loved ones. Consequently, newer products, whether 
technological or clothes, appeal to us more, and this notion is exploited by advertisers well.

At the same time, we have to admit that marketing does trick us into buying things, without giving it much thought. More often 
than not, goods or products we purchase in life are either completely unnecessary or only for luxury. For instance, when it comes 
to mobile phones, nobody really needs one that has the most cutting-edge camera and costs thousands of dollars. Therefore, with that power,
companies take advantage of our vulnerability and deceive us to buy their products by showing how novel their merchandise is. 

In conclusion, corporations use various ways to make us buy their products, and one of them is by showing they are new. 
In my opinion, this is affected by our enthusiasm towards new things, and I consider it a negative development, as it was discussed in the above essay.


estudar pagina 39 e fazer os exercicios


